.TH npm2deb 1
.SH NAME
.B npm2deb
- npm package.json to debian files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B npm2deb\fR [\fB--debhelper\fR \fIdebhelper\fR] [\fB--license\fR \fIlicense\fR] [\fB-n\fR] [\fB--standards\fR \fIstandards-version\fR] [\fB-D\fR \fIdebug\fR] \fInode_module\fR
.br
.B npm2deb\fR [\fB-s\fR] [\fB-r\fR] \fInode_module\fR
.br
.B npm2deb\fR \fB-p\fR \fIlicense\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
A script to make faster and easier packaging \fInodejs\fR modules already provided by \fInpm\fR.

Take care to have defined \fBDEBEMAIL\fR (or \fBEMAIL\fR and \fBDEBFULLNAME\fR) environment variables correctly.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -s --show\fR
show package \fBdependencies\fR in npm and Debian. Useful to know which packages are already in Debian.
.TP
.B -r --rdepends\fR
show the \fBreverse dependencies\fR of module in npm.
.TP
.B -n --noclean\fR
do not remove files downloaded via npm.
.TP
.B -p --printlicense\fR \fIname\fR
prints license \fIname\fR and exit. If license does not valid, prints
all licenses available and exit. Licenses names are ignore case.
.TP
.B --debhelper\fR \fIversion\fR
set debhelper \fIversion\fR in debian/control file.
.TP
.B --license\fR \fIname\fR
set debian files license \fIname\fR in debian/copyright.
.TP
.B --standards\fR \fIstandards-version\fR
set \fIStandards-Version\fR in debian/control.
.TP
.B -D --debug\fR \fIlevel\fR
set debug \fIlevel\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
Leo Iannacone <l3on@ubuntu.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright   ©   2014   Leo Iannacone
    http://leoiannacone.com

License   GPLv3+:   GNU  GPL  version  3  or  later
   <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
